really cool train I gotta say oh hey
how's it going man yeah have you ever
met that guy that shakes everyone's hand
no don't don't think I have oh he's so
annoying every day when I can have my
car somehow somehow he finds my car and
he's standing there he shakes my hand
and tells me how happy he is not here
today I park in a different spot every
day and he always finds me that's really
every time that's why made out I think
that's him yet that's a central hand
right there yeah don't don't stare sorry
maybe you want say yes cocalico cook
good start Arizona like oh well with the
women and I hope he doesn't come this
way yeah it's still coming still coming
hey guys hey what's going on are you
doing nice to see ya that that's really
good good handshake yeah I'm not nice to
see you long tension yeah good strong
handshake you wasn't gum no good thanks
Michael hey hey nothing much I didn't
see you buy your car today no that's cuz
I don't drive actually I don't without
quit driving so don't don't try and find
my car you walked up all day yeah I
walked so uh no no more car in the
parking lot don't don't look for me
there like that's gonna happen yeah yeah
yeah that was him wow that was the
weirdest most Awkward longest handshake
I've ever had that is that was
uncomfortable yeah I really honestly
hope that I'd never encountered anyone
like him or even remotely similar in my
entire life from here on out ever again
never
that fish